Revision en docs (#1323)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/manage-account/reports/released-money/how-to-use.en.md

In addition, the report reflects the accounting concepts of *owe* (money you must pay) and *will have* (money you must collect) in two columns, one for each concept:

> Your **will have** will be seen in the `NET_CREDIT` column.
><br>
> Your **owe** will be seen in the `NET_DEBIT` column.

You will see the available balance from the released transactions in the `NET_CREDIT` (credited) and `NET_DEBIT` (debited) columns, depending on whether the amount is positive or negative. You will also see there the gross amount and the financing costs, taxes and shipping costs that we deducted to reach the net amount.

**What happens if a transfer fails?**

> If this happens, the report is still valid. The money goes back to your account and the transaction will appear in the report as a new line in the `NET_CREDIT` column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this happens, the report is still valid. The money returns to your account and the transaction will appear in the report as a new line in the `NET_CREDIT` column.
```
